refactor(dev corner): Improve template & information in QA Process page (#998)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/dev-corner/qa-process.md

!!! warning ""
    For consistency purposes, please use the DD/MM/YYYY format for the report date.

### "Testing Process" Section

Fill this section with details about the testing process. Though there isn't a specific format to use, it's recommended to include a list of each task (as described in the PR testing instructions) and a note of any part that failed to pass. Common information, such as how you downloaded the PR or if your community folder was empty, should not be included in this section.

!!! danger ""
    This section is required.

### "Testing Results" Section

Used to indicate if the test was a success or a failure.

!!! danger ""
    This section is required.

!!! warning ""
    Please make sure to do the following for the Testing Results section of your report:

    1. Make sure the wording is **below** the `Testing Results:` line. This triggers the GitHub actions on the PR.
    2. Use the **exact** wording "Passed" or "Not Passed".

### "Negatives" Section

List any issues or negatives with this PR test. It is best you also include your expectation (if different from the testing instructions).

> !!! warning ""

Author: ```suggestion
!!! tip ""
```

Thoughts on using a more informative "tip" style theme for this annotation?

    You can omit this section if no negatives are found.

### "Conclusions" Section

Any notes you may have, the positives in the PR, and anything extra you would like to note for your report.

> !!! warning ""

Author: ```suggestion
!!! tip ""
```

Same as above.

    You can omit this section.

### "Media" Section

If you have any media to be included in the report, make sure to include them in this section. Images, videos, YouTube links or Streamable links are welcome. Please ensure externally linked media is unlisted/public and available for at least 4 weeks from the date you post the report.

> !!! warning ""

Author: ```suggestion
!!! tip ""
```
Same as above.

To report test results on GitHub, please use the template below:

```md
<!-- !! DO NOT REMOVE THIS LINE !! - QUALITY ASSURANCE REPORT -->
<!-- Refer to the https://docs.flybywiresim.com/dev-corner/qa-process/#reporting-on-tests for details about this template -->

<!-- Please use one or the other depending on your Discord Role -->
Quality Assurance Tester/Trainee Report

Discord Username  : XXXXXX <!-- Use your username, not your display name! -->
Object of testing : #XXXX <!-- PR Number -->
Aircraft          : A32NX/A380X <!-- Choose only one -->
Tier of Testing   : 1/2
Date              : XX/XX/XXXX <!-- Date of test in DD/MM/YYYY format -->

Testing Process: 
<!-- List the process - Required section --> 

Testing Results: 
Passed/Not Passed <!-- Required section --> 

Negatives:       
<!-- Ommit this section if none are found -->

Conclusions: 
<!-- Ommit section if nothing to add -->

Media:
<!-- Ommit this section if no media to add -->
```

!!! tip ""
    Text wrapped with `<!-- -->` (a.k.a. html comments) in the template will not be visible on your report. You may remove these comments as long as the required one at the top of the report. 

### "Report Details" Section

> This section should be filled with details about your report. Please ensure this section is unaltared as our GitHub action read this area. This section is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section should be filled with details about your report. Please ensure this section is unaltered as our GitHub action read this area. This section is required.
```

!!! warning ""
    For consistency purposes, please use the DD/MM/YYYY format for the report date.

### "Testing Process" Section

> Fill this section with details about the testing process. Though there isn't a specific format to use, it's recommend to include a list of each task (as described in the PR testing instructions) and a note of any part that failed to pass. Common information such as how you downloaded the PR or if your community folder was empty, should not be included in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill this section with details about the testing process. Though there isn't a specific format to use, it's recommended to include a list of each task (as described in the PR testing instructions) and a note of any part that failed to pass. Common information, such as how you downloaded the PR or if your community folder was empty, should not be included in this section. 
```

This section is required.

### "Testing Results" Section

Used to indicate if the test was a success or a failure. This section is required.

> !!! warning ""

Reviewer 2: I would suggest adding in a "no title" admon that indicates this is a required section at the top of the copy since it's placed haphazardly in this section. Just to standardize. 

### Example Admon

```
!!! danger ""
	This section is required.
```
Copy would go below this admonition.

I would suggest a `!!! warning` admonition for the other sections.

### Reasonings

I would structure much more nicely in a readability manner that sections:

- Required would start at the top below the header with "Section is Required" admonition.
- Not Required/May be omitted has an admonition reading "Section may be Omitted"

Author: Good idea. Will add.

    Please make sure to do the following for the Testing Results section of your report:

    1. Make sure the wording is **below** the `Testing Results:` line. This triggers the GitHub actions on the PR.
    2. Use the **exact** wording "Passed" or "Not Passed".

### "Negatives" Section

List any issues or negatives with this PR test. It is best you also include your expectation (if different from the testing instructions).

> You can ommit this section if no negatives are found.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can omit this section if no negatives are found.
```
This is spelled wrong in both the template and in this PR

### "Conclusions" Section

> Any notes you may have, the positives in the PR, and anything extra you would like to note for your report. You can ommit this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any notes you may have, the positives in the PR, and anything extra you would like to note for your report. You can omit this section.
```
This is spelled wrong in both the template and in this PR

### "Media" Section

> If you have any media to be included in the report, make sure to include them in this section. Images, videos, YouTube links or Streamable links are welcome. Please ensure externally linked media is unlisted/public and available for at minimum 4 weeks of the date you post the report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have any media to be included in the report, make sure to include them in this section. Images, videos, YouTube links or Streamable links are welcome. Please ensure externally linked media is unlisted/public and available for at least 4 weeks from the date you post the report.
```

    Free to test all available Pull Requests ready to test. The high standard they have proven as a QA Trainee will continue to be expected from them.

> In general, to maintain your QA Team status, a minimum of one test every few weeks is required. You can message a QA Team lead on Discord if you need to take a break from testing to retain your status, although not submitting any test reports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, to maintain your QA Team status, a minimum of one test every few weeks is required. You can message a QA Team lead on Discord if you need to take a break from testing to retain your status, if you are not able to submit any test reports for an extended period of time.
```
